c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\ikvm-native-win32-x64.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\ikvm-native-win32-x86.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\TestOpenXML.exe.config
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\TestOpenXML.exe
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\TestOpenXML.pdb
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\commons-collections4-4.1.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Cldrdata.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Jdbc.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Localedata.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Misc.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Nashorn.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Tools.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Bind.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Crypto.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Parse.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Transform.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.WebServices.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.XPath.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.Reflection.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\mpxj-for-csharp.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\MpxjUtilities.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\poi-3.16.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\rtfparserkit-1.10.0.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\sqlite-jdbc-3.8.10.1.dll
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\obj\Debug\TestOpenXML.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\obj\Debug\TestOpenXML.exe
c:\users\edoua\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestOpenXML\TestOpenXML\obj\Debug\TestOpenXML.pdb
